This week we have learnt how to refactor code with an arrow function. This process improves efficiency in your code. ES6 offers this powerful tool which can be quite intimidating to use as it's not easy to follow reading and the syntax, albeit easier is different from the regular syntax. This process is learnt to improve my ability to refactor code, I will continue to question and search for ways to incorporate this method into my code and continue making my code shorter and more efficient, as this is just as hard as learning any syntax, over time it will become easier. The importance of this functionality which JS offers is that often, in job interviews you will be asked to refactor or shorten a block of code for the interviewer. This allows you to do exactly this in the most efficient way possible. 
We have also covered a variety of different functions which JS incorporates to operate on Arrays and objects the like, these functions such as; map(), foreach, arr.join, object.entries, object.keys, arr.reduce and the spread operator are all different functions which improve the efficiency of code. They all provide different functionality and save the user from having to write multiple lines of code, through different loops and the such to do the same thing. I will continue to search for different forms of these functions in order to improve the efficiency of my code and embrace the usability of JS's different functions. I believe that again, like learning a syntax, by using, incorporating and searching for suitable things along these lines I will learn the syntax and usability of these functions. 
